# About convnet_for_pg-frog
Main files in this repository are:
- FROG.ipynb: Numerical simulation tool for polarization-gate version of frequency-resolved optical gating (PG-FROG).
- CNN.ipynb: Performing a regression analysis using a convolutional neural network.
- frog_func.py: Some functions needed for numerical simulation 
- frog_train.zip: Sample images generated by FROG.ipynb

# About FROG
## Theoretical background
### Introduction
Basic theoretical background can be found in the following materials
- Electric field and temporal phases: reference [1], page 21-23
- Theoretical background, actual FROG traces, and experimental conditions: reference [1] page 118-122  

### Temporal and spectral profile
In the present study, a laser pulse with a Gaussian profile and quadratic temporal phase is considered:
$$
    E(t) = E_0exp(-at^2)exp(ibt^2).
$$
Here, E<sub>0</sub> is the amplitude (constant), a is the parameter that determines the pulse width, and b is the chirp parameter. In this case, the temporal phase is simply
$$
    \phi(t) = -bt^2.
$$
The Fourier transform of this field is 
$$
    \tilde{E}(\omega)=\frac{\sqrt{\pi}}{a-ib}exp\biggl(-\frac{\omega^2}{4(a-ib)}\biggr)
$$

### FROG
In order to get a FROG trace, an autocorrelation signal based on nonlinear optical effect is resolved in terms of frequency. The PG-FROG trace is 
$$
    I_{PG-FROG}(\omega , \tau)=\biggl|\int_{-\infty}^{\infty}E(t)|E(t-\tau)|^2exp(-i\omega t)dt\biggr|^2,
$$
where &omega; is the angular frequency, t is the time, E(t) is the complex pulse field versus time, and &tau; is the delay between the two replicas of the pulse. The integral part is basically the Fourier transformation of E(t)|E(t-&tau;)|<sup>2</sup>.


### Reference
[1] Rick Trebino, "[Frequency-resolved optical gating: The measurement of ultrashort laser pulses](https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-1-4615-1181-6)," Springer Science+Business Media New York (2000)  
[2] Rick Trebino, Kenneth W. DeLong, David N. Fittinghoff, John N. Sweetser, Marco A. Krumbügel, and Bruce A. Richman, "Measuring ultrashort laser pulses in the time-frequency domain using frequency-resolved optical gating," Rev. Sci. Instrum. 68, 3277 (1997)
